1. Using your editor, open the mi_pricing_txt.html and 
mi_tables_txt.css files from the html06 c case1 folder. 
Enter your name and the date in the comment section of each file,
 and save them as mi_pricing.html and mi_tables.css respectively. 

2. Go to the mi_pricing.html file in your editor. 
Add a link to the mi_tables.css 
style sheet file to the document head. 

3. Directly after the paragraph in the article element 
insert a web table with the ID pricing.

4. Add a colgroup element to the web table containing 
two col elements. The first col element should have the ID firstCol. 
The second col element should belong to the class dataCols and 
span 4 columns. 

5. Add a thead row group element containing two rows. 
In the first row, insert five th elements containing 
the text shown in Figure 6-49. The first heading cell should span two rows. In the second row, add four headings cells containing the prices of the plans shown in Figure 6-49. Use a br element to display the price information on two separate lines. 

6. Add a tfoot row group element containing a 
single table row with a heading th element displaying 
the text Summary. Add four data td elements containing a 
description of each of the service plans. 
(Note: You can copy the summary text for each service plan 
from the mi_data.txt file in the html06/case1 folder.) 

7. Add a tbody row group element. In each row within the 
row group, add a th element containing the text shown in 
Figure 6-49 and four td elements containing the data values 
for each plan. 

8. Save your changes to the file and then return to the 
mi_tables.css file in your editor. 

9. Go to the Table Styles section and add a style rule 
for the table element that: 
a) sets the background color to a linear gradient that 
goes to the bottom of the table background starting from 
rgb(190, 215, 255) and ending in black and 
b) adds a 5-pixels solid gray border. 

10. For every th and td element in the table, create a style rule that: 
a) adds a 3-pixel solid gray border, 
b) sets the line height to 1.4em, and 
c) sets the padding space to 8 pixels. 

11. For every th element, create a style rule that: 
a) sets the background color to black, 
b) sets the font color to rgb(130, 210, 255), and 
c) sets the font weight to normal. 

12. For every td element, create a style rule that: 
a) sets the font color to white, 
b) sets the font size to 0.9em, and 
c) aligns the cell text with the top of the cell. 

13. Go to the Column Styles section. 
Create a style rule for col elements with
 the ID firstCol that sets the column width to 24%. 

14. Create a style rule for col elements belonging to the dataCols 
class that sets the column width to 19%. 

15. Go to the Table Header Styles section. Create a style rule
 for the table header row group including every row within that row 
group that sets the row height to 60 pixels. 

16. For the first th element in the first row of the table header 
row group, create a style rule that sets its font size to 2em. 
(Hint: Use the first-of-type pseudo-class to select the first table 
row and first heading cell.) 

17. For th elements in the first row of the table header row group 
that are not the first heading cell, create a style rule that sets the 
background color to transparent and the font color to black. 
(Hint: use the not selector with the first-of-type pseudo-class to 
select headings that are not first in the table row.) 

18. Save your changes to the style sheet and then open the mi_pricing.html file 
in your browser and verify that the table layout and design resemble that shown 
in Figure 6-49.

 